c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\bin\Release\ACR Launcher.exe.config
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\bin\Release\ACR Launcher.exe
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\bin\Release\ACR Launcher.pdb
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\bin\Release\ACR Launcher.xml
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR_Launcher.Form1.resources
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR_Launcher.Resources.resources
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.exe
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.xml
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.pdb
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\Interop.Shell32.dll
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR_Launcher.Extra.resources
C:\Users\Tristen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR_Launcher.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR_Launcher.Options.resources
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR_Launcher.Changes.resources
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\bin\Release\ACR Launcher.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\bin\Release\ACR Launcher.application
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.application
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher Portable\ACR Launcher\bin\Release\ACR Launcher.exe.config
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher Portable\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\Interop.Shell32.dll
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher Portable\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher Portable\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.exe
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher Portable\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.xml
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher Portable\ACR Launcher\obj\Release\ACR Launcher.pdb
C:\Users\Tristen\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ACR Launcher Portable\ACR Launcher\bin\Release\ACR Launcher Portable.exe.config
